Hello everyone.
My father is Truong Tam Phong.
I believe there is no need for too much introduction.
broken glass
It turns out your father is crazy.
Then it must be you.
Everyone be quiet.
Next is my father, Governor Du Khiem.
People like to smoke, drink and get hot headed.
You're not bad either.
It turns out that the official changed family.
That's admirable.
Are not.
I always go out by myself.
Then it must be you.
Next, I was an orphan.
Next is Tran Phu Quy.
Who is this Tran Phu Quy?
Never heard of it.
Me too.
This name is too vulgar.
It's okay if you don't know him.
But he has many bodies.
Honorary Elder of the Tai Shang Beg Sect of Emei
Shareholders of Dong Phuong Station
Moreover, I feel that Van can hold a pen to bring peace to the world.
Check status
Vo Nang mounted his horse and determined the universe.
Once the king of the opposite sex
His father is so strong.
The inside story of this escape faction is too strong, right? Then it seems that Governor Vu Khiem will not be able to enjoy a good life immediately.
Compared to him, he is a reincarnation expert.
Then it's you.
Congratulations.
Next, I announce that the martial arts convention's first category of writing competition is free. Please give your acceptance speech.
You learn that reincarnation and stealing a fetus are truly good.
The devil did not expect it.
I escaped.
Devil, is he the leader of the Devil Sect?
It is on the other side of the village of Bat Lao.